hey what's up spark Mack live let's
start this episode with some Christmas
spirit
jazz kills his target with shame to addy
seed after learning that he did in fact
disconnect decide to give him back the
d2 age good man for doing that Chaz
setting the right example for the
runescape community but as viewers would
you have done that answer down below I
hope the answer is yes but I know you
noobs ain't loyal to the channel you are
but not when it comes to giving back T
to H's viewers Christmas is awfully nice
for some rs3 players I just completely
freaked out over this I so wish I was
recording this just look in my chat box
so I get a glowing cracker right some
like whoa that's awesome
then I look down here I receive a holy
wreath like oh my gosh you do not
realize how awesome that is for me so we
got a really rare present and he's about
to see how much it's worth by selling an
energy first I got to see how this looks
just yeah that actually looks pretty bad
beast I can barely see it but whatever I
don't I don't care I'm just gonna sell
this oh my gosh oh please stop oh oh 490
Mill yes oh thank you so much Jagex
thank you all right guys for this last
one pay attention to the dude with the
EGS and fire keeps printing by but we
didn't get lucky enough
you
miniature see you later douchebag oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god
one utility later no way no way no way
your viewers I hope you enjoyed please
you give me a like and check out our
send that is down below links to be
found
and by the way threats to Scouts our
contest winner